Add Community Choice 2022: Results news post (#8788)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-02-12-community-choice-2022-results.md

---
layout: post
title: "Community Choice 2022: Results"
date: 2023-02-12 08:00:00 +0000
---

You've had your say, and the results are in! Find out which maps are the Community Choice and Mapper's Favourite from 2022 for each mode!

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/contests/162/header.jpg)

> In case you missed it, the Community Choice polls are an extra special event we host each year where the community huddles close and votes for their favourite maps from the past year. The mapping community gets an nod in their very own Mapper's Favourite category, which counts only the votes of anyone who's ever Ranked a beatmap or guest difficulty.

Reviewer: verb ranked not capitalised

```suggestion
In case you missed it, the Community Choice polls are an extra special event we host each year where the community huddles close and votes for their favourite maps from the past year. The mapping community gets a nod too in their very own Mapper's Favourite category, which counts only the votes of anyone who's ever ranked a beatmap or guest difficulty.
```

Let's get stuck straight into the results:

## osu!

### Community Choice

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-02-12-community-choice-2022-results/non-breath-oblige.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1889729)

> Seizing the lead in both the Community Choice with an absolutely dominating performance is **15 Voices - Non-breath-oblige** by [**Delis**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1603923), featuring guest difficulties from [Trynna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2652951), [Dumli-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3068044), [allein](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6221637), [Mirash](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2841009), [toybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2848604) and [Silverboxer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2166762), plus the nomination prowess of [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875) and [UberFazz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8646059).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seizing the lead in both the Community Choice with an absolutely dominating performance is [**15 Voices - Non-breath oblige**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1889729) by [**Delis**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1603923), featuring guest difficulties from [Trynna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2652951), [Dumli-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3068044), [allein](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6221637), [Mirash](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2841009), [toybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2848604) and [Silverboxer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2166762), plus the nomination prowess of [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875) and [UberFazz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8646059).
```

> Let's just get it out in the air straight away: it wasn't even close. *Non-breath-oblige* pulled out so many stops that practically every other map in the running was left wondering what a stop even was in the first place. The result was so decisive and one-sided that we had to check to make sure something wasn't broken with a whopping **1278** votes — the closest competitor in second had only *778*. Damn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's just get it out in the air straight away: it wasn't even close. *Non-breath oblige* pulled out so many stops that practically every other map in the running was left wondering what a stop even was in the first place. The result was so decisive and one-sided that we had to check to make sure something wasn't broken with a whopping **1,278** votes — the closest competitor in second had only *778*. Damn.
```

> The votes just kept repeating. And repeating. And repeating. And repeating. And repeating. Such is the power of *Non-breath-oblige*.

Reviewer: maybe you hesitated to write "coming" four times?

```suggestion
The votes just kept multiplying. And multiplying. And multiplying. And multiplying. Such is the power of *Non-breath oblige*.
```

Author: is a reference to the song repeating itself over and over

Reviewer: o-oh

the word count is suboptimal though and imo good jokes don't compromise (nor leave stray hyphens)

```suggestion
The votes just kept coming on repeat. On repeat. On repeat. On repeat. On repeat. On repeat. On repeat. Such is the power of *Non-breath oblige*.
```

(7 is 1/3 of the 21 repetitions of 息が詰まる in the final chorus)

Author: well, can't argue with that

Finalists:

> - [**15 Voices - Non-breath oblige**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1889729) by [**Delis**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1603923) with **1278** votes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**15 Voices - Non-breath oblige**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1889729) by [**Delis**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1603923) with **1,278** votes.
```

- [**TAG underground - POSSESSION**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1691083) by [**pewdekz**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5754859) with **36** votes.
- [**Shimotsuki Haruka - Tsubasa o Kudasai**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1754815) by [**misho15_701_4_0**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11299666) with **34** votes.
- [**[Kyoro] - Mochio-**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1473006) by [**Snow Note**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/643394) with **33** votes.
- [**Tarako - Bing Chilling-ish**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1820912) by [**Aurorance**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13142180) with **32** votes.
- [**Hoshimachi Suisei - Stellar Stellar**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1680549) by [**ImWater**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10616849) with **30** votes.
- [**Feryquitous vs. xi - Orca**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1166748) by [**lcfc**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7322726) with **29** votes.

## osu!taiko

### Community Choice

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-02-12-community-choice-2022-results/truth.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1859338)

> **GTS Sound Team - \<\<\/nttld.:beings\>\> \~Truth in Uncertainty\~** is a collaboration of absolutely titanic proportions, demonstrated not only by its *enormous* contributor list (which we will proceed to share in a moment), but also by its substantial **96** vote total, leading over the closest competitor by a considerable margin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**GTS Sound Team - \<\<\/nttld.:beings\>\> \~Truth in Uncertainty\~**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1859338) is a collaboration of absolutely titanic proportions, demonstrated not only by its *enormous* contributor list (which we will proceed to share in a moment), but also by its substantial **96** vote total, leading over the closest competitor by a considerable margin.
```

Okay, deep breaths. Here we go.

> A joint collaboration between the composters of the GTS Sound Team (namely [SDMNE](https://soundcloud.com/sdmne), [Sparxe](https://soundcloud.com/sparxenic), [blobdash](https://soundcloud.com/blobdash), [Raphlesia](https://soundcloud.com/raphlesia), [ptar124](https://soundcloud.com/part-lerts), [kyou1110](https://soundcloud.com/kyou1110), [II-L](https://soundcloud.com/ii-l), [rN](https://soundcloud.com/rurinn), [takehirotei](https://soundcloud.com/takehirotei) and [katagiri](https://soundcloud.com/katagiri) and the GTS Mapping Team (namely [Cychloryn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6921736), [Nwolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1910766), [Mew](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2345156), [gaston_2199](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5938161), [Raphalge](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3918650), [Ak1o](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1600041), [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976), [Alchyr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4993032), [rubies87](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4949934), [Briesmas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2865172), [UnagiDon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2062410), [Gamelan4](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9856910), [Heaxys](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5671417), [Ideal](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3869519), [HiroK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4050738), [5\_5](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6853438), [BabySnakes](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4669728), [MTNTWarz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14036825), [Rinze](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19901680), [cdh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2403621), [Cynplytholowazy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3901754) and [Horiiizon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8071438)), *\<\<\/nttld.:beings\>\> \~Truth in Uncertainty\~* is a visually stunning mapping masterpiece, helped along the way into Ranked by beatmap nominators [Axer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7299864) and [op45667](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21973491).

Reviewer 2: composters -> composers

Also if all composers, mappers and BNs are noted, maybe noting down designers for the background could be worthwhile? Just a suggestion here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A joint collaboration between the composers of the GTS Sound Team (namely [SDMNE](https://soundcloud.com/sdmne), [Sparxe](https://soundcloud.com/sparxenic), [blobdash](https://soundcloud.com/blobdash), [Raphlesia](https://soundcloud.com/raphlesia), [ptar124](https://soundcloud.com/part-lerts), [kyou1110](https://soundcloud.com/kyou1110), [II-L](https://soundcloud.com/ii-l), [rN](https://soundcloud.com/rurinn), [takehirotei](https://soundcloud.com/takehirotei) and [katagiri](https://soundcloud.com/katagiri) and the GTS Mapping Team (namely [Cychloryn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6921736), [Nwolf](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1910766), [Mew](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2345156), [gaston_2199](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5938161), [Raphalge](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3918650), [Ak1o](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1600041), [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976), [Alchyr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4993032), [rubies87](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4949934), [Briesmas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2865172), [UnagiDon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2062410), [Gamelan4](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9856910), [Heaxys](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5671417), [Ideal](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3869519), [HiroK](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4050738), [5\_5](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6853438), [BabySnakes](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4669728), [MTNTWarz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14036825), [Rinze](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19901680), [cdh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2403621), [Cynplytholowazy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3901754) and [Horiiizon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8071438)), *\<\<\/nttld.:beings\>\> \~Truth in Uncertainty\~* is a visually stunning mapping masterpiece, helped along the way into Ranked by Beatmap Nominators [Axer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7299864) and [op45667](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21973491).
```

> With more people than an average game development team dedicated to one piece of art alone, the sheer level of creativity involved in this piece simply cannot be understated. Melding so many ideas and styles together is an absolutely herculean effort, one that the osu!taiko community clearly recognizes in full.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With more people than an average game development team dedicated to one piece of art alone, the sheer level of creativity involved in this piece simply cannot be understated. Melding so many ideas and styles together is an absolutely herculean effort, one that the osu!taiko community clearly recognises in full.
```

- [**Memnicus - Better Call Goofy Ahh Saul (Remix)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1860651) by [**Miyoi**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1506011) with **52** votes.
- [**leroy - dyed my hair black**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1507426) by [**Genjuro**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3196091) with **47** votes.
- [**DJ Majokko Mirakurun - DJ Majokko Mirakurun [ Producer Mix ] [ Nightcore ]**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1797642) by [**Genjuro**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3196091) with **42** votes.
- [**Iyowa feat. KAFU - Kyu-kurarin (7_7 bootleg)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1837174) by [**woosungko**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14184157) with **40** votes.
- [**xi - FREEDOM DiVE**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1613246) by [**gaston_2199**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5938161) with **37** votes.
- [**sienna sleep - navi 98**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1856862) by [**Hivie**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976) with **36** votes.

### Mappers' Favourite

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-02-12-community-choice-2022-results/truth.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1859338)

> The acclaim for **GTS Sound Team - \<\<\/nttld.:beings\>\> \~Truth in Uncertainty\~** continued strongly in the mapping scene, though with *that* many osu!taiko mappers involved in its creation from start to finish, it isn't too surprising.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The acclaim for [**GTS Sound Team - \<\<\/nttld.:beings\>\> \~Truth in Uncertainty\~**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1859338) continued strongly in the mapping scene, though with *that* many osu!taiko mappers involved in its creation from start to finish, it isn't too surprising.
```

- [**DJ Majokko Mirakurun - DJ Majokko Mirakurun [ Producer Mix ] [ Nightcore ]**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1797642) by [**Genjuro**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3196091) with **16** votes.
- [**Hudson Lee - Nothing To Fear**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1549349) by [**ZTH**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5258461) with **16** votes.
- [**seatrus - O**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1693010) by [**rubies87**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4949934) with **14** votes.
- [**sienna sleep - navi 98**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1856862) by [**Hivie**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976) with **14** votes.
- [**Supire - Aquaphilia**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1811200) by [**Dekovner**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19859015) with **14** votes.
- [**Camellia - Looking for Edge of Ground**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1678197) by [**Genjuro**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3196091) with **14** votes.

## osu!catch

### Community Choice

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-02-12-community-choice-2022-results/chad.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1857120)

> **91** osu!catch players stood up and said yes, actually, they do play osu!catch, and they're wondering how you know. It probably has something to do with **Bring Me The Horizon - Can You Feel My Heart (Cut Ver.)** by  [**GIGACHAD**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11081858) featuring a guest difficulty by [Zuid-Afrikaan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29282944) and ushered into Ranked by the nominations of [Myxo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2202645) and [Natsuko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266817).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**91** osu!catch players stood up and said yes, actually, they do play osu!catch, and they're wondering how you know. It probably has something to do with [**Bring Me The Horizon - Can You Feel My Heart (Cut Ver.)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1857120) by [**GIGACHAD**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11081858) featuring a guest difficulty by [Zuid-Afrikaan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/29282944) and ushered into Ranked by nominators [Myxo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2202645) and [Natsuko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266817).
```

- [**xi - Last Resort**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1625860) by [**fuhie**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7620002) with **56** votes.
- [**ZxNX - Schadenfreude**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1698949) by [**Jemzuu**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7890134) with **52** votes.
- [**Camellia as "fluX Xroise" - Xronier ("geneXe" Long ver.) by x_angelkawaii_x**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1506066) by [**Rocma**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276) with **49** votes.
- [**Silentroom - XHRONOXAPSULE**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1715139) by [**Jemzuu**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7890134) with **48** votes.
- [**Kenshi Yonezu - KICK BACK (TV Size)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1864673) by [**Ascendance**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) with **47** votes.
- [**Mia REGINA - I got it! (Slax Remix)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1764078) by [**-Rustyy**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16355636) with **46** votes.

### Mappers' Favourite

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-02-12-community-choice-2022-results/chad.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1857120)

> The osu!catch mapping community simply could not escape the *dashing* jawline of  **Bring Me The Horizon - Can You Feel My Heart (Cut Ver.)** by  [**GIGACHAD**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11081858) yet again with a total of **16** votes cast for the most chad creation of all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The osu!catch mapping community simply could not escape the *dashing* jawline of [**Bring Me The Horizon - Can You Feel My Heart (Cut Ver.)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1857120) by  [**GIGACHAD**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11081858) yet again with a total of **16** votes cast for the most chad creation of all.
```

- [**Camellia - Looking for Edge of Ground**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1560424) by [**tyrcs**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904) with **16** votes.
- [**Camellia - Electromagnetic Stealth Girl Born In Philadelphia**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1608630) by [**lovely_hyahya**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10318380) with **14** votes.
- [**-45 - Reikou Hatsuden**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1502322) by [**Monheim**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6814203) with **14** votes.
- [**Grimes - Kill V. Maim**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1181796) by [**BringoBrango**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10274043) with **14** votes.
- [**[REDACTED]**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1756972) by [**Ryax**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8949769) with **13** votes.
- [**coltrane - zeke didn't "invent dariacore", i did**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1736615) by [**Stability**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6701738) with **13** votes.

---

That's it for Community Choice 2022! A big thank you to everyone who took the time to have their say and vote for their favourites.

> As an extra aside, we've expanded the Mappers' Favourite voting this year to include anyone who has ever had a beatmap Ranked including guest difficulties, which increased the total eligible mapper pool by around about 11%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an extra aside, we've expanded the Mappers' Favourite voting this year to include anyone who has ever had a beatmap Ranked *including guest difficulties*, which increased the total eligible mapper pool by around about 11%.
```

> To keep things fresh in 2024, we'll likely be shaking up how this poll is run If you've got a spicy idea for how to spruce up the polls, toss them in the comments below — but you only get points if you manage to suggest something that doesn't involve removing someone else's ability to vote!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep things fresh in 2024, we'll likely be shaking up how this poll is run. If you've got a spicy idea for how to spruce up the polls, toss them in the comments below — but you only get points if you manage to suggest something that doesn't involve removing someone else's ability to vote!
```

> If you're interested in checking out the full voting totals, [click this link to be taken to the Community Choice 2022 Results spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TXQe1IpdXEDmHNu_bm4JKpk_r1y4oZRGon2LM-lw6aY/edit?usp=sharing). If only the top 50 entries are your jam, [the contest listings](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/162) have all the details for you, plus clickable links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're interested in checking out the full voting totals, have a quick glance over the [Community Choice 2022 results spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TXQe1IpdXEDmHNu_bm4JKpk_r1y4oZRGon2LM-lw6aY/edit?usp=sharing). If only the top 50 entries are your jam, [the contest listings](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/162) have all the details for you, plus clickable links.
```

- [**15 Voices - Non-breath oblige**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1889729) by [**Delis**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1603923) with **40** votes.
- [**UKRampage - Yumenoshima feat. mami**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1644513) by [**Gillstar**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7948210) with **36** votes.
- [**Shimotsuki Haruka - Tsubasa o Kudasai**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1754815) by [**misho15_701_4_0**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11299666) with **34** votes.
- [**[Kyoro] - Mochio-**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1473006) by [**Snow Note**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/643394) with **31** votes.
- [**TAG underground - POSSESSION**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1691083) by [**pewdekz**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5754859) with **30** votes.
- [**DUSTCELL - DERO by Heilia**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1318423) by [**cotton__123**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9823042) with **29** votes.
- [**Hoshimachi Suisei - Stellar Stellar**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1680549) by [**ImWater**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10616849) with **29** votes.
- [**Feryquitous vs. xi - Orca**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1166748) by [**lcfc**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7322726) with **28** votes.

> 

Reviewer: i smell [same broken tooling](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/8780/commits/2334644de77c2e121f3917148de2bbf62fb41c67)

```suggestion
```

- [**Leah Kate - 10 Things I Hate About You (Sped Up & Cut Ver.)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1881428) by [**Log Off Now**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4378277) with **521** votes.
- [**Tarako - Bing Chilling-ish**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1820912) by [**Aurorance**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13142180) with **456** votes.
- [**kakichoco - Zan'ei**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1759729) by [**Lasse**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/896613) with **455** votes.
- [**Down - Ekoro**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1683876) by [**Down**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4694602) with **433** votes.
- [**Serenity - Lionheart**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1390922) by [**AdeAAa**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12914206) with **376** votes.
- [**kessoku band - Seishun Complex**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1863866) by [**\_kotachi\_**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4698485) with **335** votes.

### Mapper's Favourite

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-02-12-community-choice-2022-results/heathens.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1851103)

> 2022 was the year of heresy as far as the mapping community was concerned as they cast **42** votes for the monster collab in [**twenty one pilots - Heathens (Magnetude Bootleg)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1851103), showcasing the talents of [**funny**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8473573), [Sharu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5597639), [0ppInOsu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12551840), [Halgoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4109923), [enryotoki](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10639122), [Rorupan L9](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9471638), [Xarr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7262065) and [-Doodle](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12337329) for the world to see. Can't forget the nominators involved in the process too, namely [SMOKELIND](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9327302) and [Sajinn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13513687).

Reviewer: or "with"

```suggestion
2022 was the year of heresy as far as the mapping community was concerned as they cast **42** votes for the monster collab of [**twenty one pilots - Heathens (Magnetude Bootleg)**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1851103), showcasing the talents of [**funny**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8473573), [Sharu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5597639), [0ppInOsu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12551840), [Halgoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4109923), [enryotoki](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10639122), [Rorupan L9](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9471638), [Xarr](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7262065) and [-Doodle](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12337329) for the world to see. Can't forget the nominators involved in the process too, namely [SMOKELIND](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9327302) and [Sajinn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13513687).
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-02-12-community-choice-2022-results/gyakkou.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1523018)

...but that's not all! [**Soushi Sakiyama - Gyakkou**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1523018) hosted by [**Gillstar**](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7948210) kept up every step of the way with **42** votes of its own, with some guest difficulty help from the mapping talents of [Myxo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2202645), [amity](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10676118), [toybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2848604) (again) and [Fixxis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4673089), plus some beatmap nomination from [Akito](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5716327) and [Fisky](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8352623).

> Yep, that's right — a *two way tie* for the spot of Mapper's Favourite. A certain not-obliging breath wasn't far behind either! Take that, mapping Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yep, that's right — a *two-way tie* for the spot of Mapper's Favourite. A certain non-obliging breath wasn't far behind either! Take that, mapping Twitter.
```
